[16.0] [ADD] account_chart_update_multilang - new module (#1957)
OCA/account-financial-tools: account_chart_update_multilang/readme/USAGE.md

> To use this module simply follow the steps in the USAGE section of the account_chart_update module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this module simply follow the steps in the USAGE section of the `account_chart_update` module.
```

> You can find the documentation here: https://github.com/OCA/account-financial-tools/blob/16.0/account_chart_update/readme/USAGE.rst

Reviewer: Better point to the full readme:

```suggestion
You can find the documentation here: https://github.com/OCA/account-financial-tools/tree/16.0/account_chart_update#usage
```

Reviewer: This is still missing.
